README.md, before:

# Deck X
CombineReality's open-source AR headset based on Leap Motion's Project North Star.

 <a href="https://combinereality.com/deck-x"><img src="https://combinereality.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/DSC_1933-min-min.jpg" width="300px"><img src="https://combinereality.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/DSC_1935-min-1-min.jpg" width="300px"></a>

Deck X uses the same headgear as Project North Star v3.1. Headgear and Calibration Stand folders & files are copied from the <a href="https://github.com/leapmotion/ProjectNorthStar">Project North Star repo</a>.

Assembly guide for Deck X with threaded inserts: https://project-north-star.gitbook.io/project-north-star/mechanical/combine-reality-deck-x/deck-x-assembly-guide (Assembly guide for Deck X without threaded inserts is coming soon!)

Software setup and calibration: https://github.com/leapmotion/ProjectNorthStar/tree/master/Software

<br>

## Resources
* Project North Star <a href="https://discord.gg/fV8qfWm">Discord</a>
* Our <a href="https://combinereality.com">website</a>
* Build guide for v3.1 by <a href="https://guillesanbri.github.io/Building-Process/">Guillesanbri</a> and <a href="https://youtu.be/J-OowCNcR8A">Tasuku</a>
* <a href="https://blog.leapmotion.com/northstar/">Leap Motion Blog</a>

Commit message:

New design files and repo structure
•Added up-to-date STLs for parts with heat-set inserts.
•New versions of display trays position displays consistently over a range of different slicer settings. Hopefully will make it easier for people to have a good experience with a self-assembled headset and generic calibration files.
•New lid modifications address potential mechanical inference between lid and left T261 heatsink if heatsink was positioned as shown in assembly guide.
•Small gap between lid and top of optics bracket has been addressed.
•Minor changes to headgear part STLs.
STEP files coming soon.
•Started adding README files to individual directories. Markdown formatting, illustrations, and relevant links to be added later.
•New directory structure for 3D-printable STL files. New component hierarchy in no-inserts STEP file. Version with inserts is coming soon.

README.md, after:

# Deck X
CombineReality's open-source AR headset based on Leap Motion's Project North Star.

We've created a new repo because our fork had gotten a little untidy and we weren't yet ready to make pull requests.

Many of the parts in this repo are either taken directly from Leap Motion's original mechanical design. The optics brackets are derivatives of Florian Maurer's <a href="https://github.com/leapmotion/ProjectNorthStar/tree/master/Mechanical/Development">version 3.2 development work.</a>

 <a href="https://combinereality.com/deck-x"><img src="https://combinereality.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/DSC_1933-min-min.jpg" width="300px"><img src="https://combinereality.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/DSC_1935-min-1-min.jpg" width="300px"></a>

Calibration Stand folder & files are copied from the <a href="https://github.com/leapmotion/ProjectNorthStar">Project North Star repo</a>.

Assembly guide for Deck X with threaded inserts: https://project-north-star.gitbook.io/project-north-star/mechanical/combine-reality-deck-x/deck-x-assembly-guide (Assembly guide for Deck X without threaded inserts is coming soon!) If you have any questions about how things fit together, please check the STEP files and ask for help on the Discord server. We're here for you!

The original software setup and calibration instructions for Project North Star can be found here: https://github.com/leapmotion/ProjectNorthStar/tree/master/Software

You should also consult with the community on Discord to find out about the current state of North Star software development. There's a lot going on, and documentation updates are in the works.

<br>

## Resources
* Project North Star <a href="https://discord.gg/fV8qfWm">Discord</a>
* Our <a href="https://combinereality.com">website</a>
* Build guide for v3.1 by <a href="https://guillesanbri.github.io/Building-Process/">Guillesanbri</a> and <a href="https://youtu.be/J-OowCNcR8A">Tasuku</a>
* <a href="https://blog.leapmotion.com/northstar/">Leap Motion Blog</a>
